Fix: added tips by the participants (#34)
ferrous-systems/espressif-trainings: book/src/02_4_hello_board.md

Error: could not connect to Wi-Fi network: ESP_ERR_TIMEOUT
```

## Extra information about building 

If you want to try to build without flashing, you can run:
 ```toml
 cargo build --target riscv32imc-esp-espidf
 ```

>  Additionally, if `cargo espflash --release --monitor /dev/ttyUSB0` has been successful, you can exit with `ctrl+C`, and run only the monitor with `espmonitor /dev/ttyUSB0` without flashing (special thanks to Anton Mak, Bjoern Quentin!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `cargo espflash --release --monitor /dev/YOUR_SERIAL_DEVICE` has been successful, you can exit with `ctrl+C`, and run the monitor the device without flashing anew with the following command:

```sh
espmonitor /dev/YOUR_SERIAL_DEVICE
```

>  This can save a lot of time as you do not need to re-flash the program in its entirety. 

Reviewer: This sentence needs to go to the build without flashing, not the monitoring part.
